!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
ALARMDATATYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int ALARMDATATYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 20;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
BATCH_NUMBER_PROPERTY	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String BATCH_NUMBER_PROPERTY = "batch.num.messages";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
BELIEVE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int BELIEVE_FIELD_NUMBER = 7;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
BOOTSTRAP_SERVER	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String BOOTSTRAP_SERVER = "bootstrap.servers";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS_PROPERTY	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String BOOTSTRAP_SERVERS_PROPERTY = "bootstrap.servers";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
BRIGHT_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int BRIGHT_FIELD_NUMBER = 3;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
BROKERS_LIST_PROPERTY	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String BROKERS_LIST_PROPERTY = "metadata.broker.list";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
BootStrap	./src/main/java/service/BootStrap.java	/^public class BootStrap {$/;"	c
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Builder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final class Builder extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final class Builder extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final class Builder extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final class Builder extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
Builder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final class Builder extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
CHANINDEX_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int CHANINDEX_FIELD_NUMBER = 8;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
CLUSTER_NAME	./src/main/java/common/es/ESConfig.java	/^    public static final String CLUSTER_NAME = "Es_Cluster";$/;"	f	interface:ESConfig
COLORDEPTH_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int COLORDEPTH_FIELD_NUMBER = 3;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
COLOR_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int COLOR_FIELD_NUMBER = 2;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
COLOR_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int COLOR_FIELD_NUMBER = 4;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
COMPRESSION_CODEC_PROPERTY	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String COMPRESSION_CODEC_PROPERTY = "compression.codec";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
COPILOTSAFEBELT_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int COPILOTSAFEBELT_FIELD_NUMBER = 16;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
COPILOTSUBVISOR_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int COPILOTSUBVISOR_FIELD_NUMBER = 18;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
COUNTRY_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int COUNTRY_FIELD_NUMBER = 5;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
ConnectionException	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionException.java	/^    public ConnectionException() {$/;"	m	class:ConnectionException
ConnectionException	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionException.java	/^    public ConnectionException(String message) {$/;"	m	class:ConnectionException
ConnectionException	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionException.java	/^    public ConnectionException(String message, Throwable cause) {$/;"	m	class:ConnectionException
ConnectionException	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionException.java	/^    public ConnectionException(Throwable e) {$/;"	m	class:ConnectionException
ConnectionException	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionException.java	/^public class ConnectionException extends RuntimeException {$/;"	c
ConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionFactory.java	/^public interface ConnectionFactory<T> extends PooledObjectFactory<T>, Serializable {$/;"	i
ConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionPool.java	/^public interface ConnectionPool<T> extends Serializable {$/;"	i
DATA_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int DATA_FIELD_NUMBER = 5;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
DEFAULT_ACKS	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_ACKS = "0";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
DEFAULT_BATCH	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_BATCH = "200";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
DEFAULT_BROKERS	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_BROKERS = "localhost:9092";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
DEFAULT_CODEC	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_CODEC = "none";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
DEFAULT_HOST	./src/main/java/common/es/ESConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_HOST = "localhost";$/;"	f	interface:ESConfig
DEFAULT_KEY_SERIALIZER	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_KEY_SERIALIZER = "org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.ByteArraySerializer";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
DEFAULT_MIN_EVICTABLE_IDLE_TIME_MILLIS	./src/main/java/common/PoolConfig.java	/^    public static final long DEFAULT_MIN_EVICTABLE_IDLE_TIME_MILLIS = 60000;$/;"	f	class:PoolConfig
DEFAULT_NUM_TESTS_PER_EVICTION_RUN	./src/main/java/common/PoolConfig.java	/^    public static final int DEFAULT_NUM_TESTS_PER_EVICTION_RUN = -1;$/;"	f	class:PoolConfig
DEFAULT_PORT	./src/main/java/common/es/ESConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_PORT = "9300";$/;"	f	interface:ESConfig
DEFAULT_TEST_WHILE_IDLE	./src/main/java/common/PoolConfig.java	/^    public static final boolean DEFAULT_TEST_WHILE_IDLE = true;$/;"	f	class:PoolConfig
DEFAULT_TIME_BETWEEN_EVICTION_RUNS_MILLIS	./src/main/java/common/PoolConfig.java	/^    public static final long DEFAULT_TIME_BETWEEN_EVICTION_RUNS_MILLIS = 30000;$/;"	f	class:PoolConfig
DEFAULT_TYPE	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_TYPE = "sync";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
DEFAULT_VAL_SERIALIZER	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String DEFAULT_VAL_SERIALIZER = "org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.ByteArraySerializer";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
DETECTTYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int DETECTTYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 14;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
DIR_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int DIR_FIELD_NUMBER = 13;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
DRIVECHAN_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int DRIVECHAN_FIELD_NUMBER = 2;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
ESConfig	./src/main/java/common/es/ESConfig.java	/^public interface ESConfig {$/;"	i
EsConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public EsConnectionFactory(final ElasticsearchClientUri elasticsearchClientUri) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
EsConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public EsConnectionFactory(final ElasticsearchClientUri elasticsearchClientUri, final Settings settings) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
EsConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public EsConnectionFactory(final String host, final int port) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
EsConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public EsConnectionFactory(final String host, final int port, final Settings settings) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
EsConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public EsConnectionFactory(final String url) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
EsConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public EsConnectionFactory(final String url, final Settings settings) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
EsConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^class EsConnectionFactory implements ConnectionFactory<ElasticClient> {$/;"	c
EsConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^    public EsConnectionPool(final PoolConfig poolConfig, final Settings settings, final ElasticsearchClientUri esurl) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionPool
EsConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^    public EsConnectionPool(final PoolConfig poolConfig, final String host, final int port, final Settings settings) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionPool
EsConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^    public EsConnectionPool(final PoolConfig poolConfig, final String url) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionPool
EsConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^    public EsConnectionPool(final String url) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionPool
EsConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^public class EsConnectionPool extends PoolBase<ElasticClient> implements ConnectionPool<ElasticClient> {$/;"	c
EsSharedConnPool	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^    private EsSharedConnPool(ElasticsearchClientUri url, Settings settings) {$/;"	m	class:EsSharedConnPool	file:
EsSharedConnPool	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^public class EsSharedConnPool implements ConnectionPool<ElasticClient> {$/;"	c
HEIGHT_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int HEIGHT_FIELD_NUMBER = 4;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
HostName	./src/main/java/service/BootStrap.java	/^    public  final  static String HostName = "0.0.0.0";$/;"	f	class:BootStrap
ID_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int ID_FIELD_NUMBER = 1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
ILLEGALSUBTYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int ILLEGALSUBTYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 6;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
ILLEGALTIMER_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int ILLEGALTIMER_FIELD_NUMBER = 22;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
ILLEGALTYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int ILLEGALTYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 5;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
ILLEGALTYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int ILLEGALTYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 7;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
INDEX_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int INDEX_FIELD_NUMBER = 1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
KEY_SERIALIZER_PROPERTY	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String KEY_SERIALIZER_PROPERTY = "key.serializer";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
KafkaConfig	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^public interface KafkaConfig {$/;"	i
KafkaConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionFactory(final Properties properties) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionFactory
KafkaConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionFactory(final String brokers, final String type, final String acks, final String codec, final String batch) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionFactory
KafkaConnectionFactory	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^class KafkaConnectionFactory implements ConnectionFactory<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> {$/;"	c
KafkaConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionPool() {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
KafkaConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionPool(final PoolConfig poolConfig, final Properties config) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
KafkaConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionPool(final PoolConfig poolConfig, final String brokers) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
KafkaConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionPool(final PoolConfig poolConfig, final String brokers, final String type) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
KafkaConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionPool(final PoolConfig poolConfig, final String brokers, final String type, final String acks, final String codec, final String batch) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
KafkaConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionPool(final Properties props) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
KafkaConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public KafkaConnectionPool(final String brokers) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
KafkaConnectionPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^public class KafkaConnectionPool extends PoolBase<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> implements ConnectionPool<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> {$/;"	c
KafkaSharedConnPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    private KafkaSharedConnPool(Properties properties) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaSharedConnPool	file:
KafkaSharedConnPool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^public class KafkaSharedConnPool implements ConnectionPool<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> {$/;"	c
LENGTH_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int LENGTH_FIELD_NUMBER = 6;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
LICENSELEN_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int LICENSELEN_FIELD_NUMBER = 4;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
LICENSE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int LICENSE_FIELD_NUMBER = 6;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
LLEGALTIME_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int LLEGALTIME_FIELD_NUMBER = 21;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
MONITORINGSITEID_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int MONITORINGSITEID_FIELD_NUMBER = 12;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
Man	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public Man(String lontiFile, String imageFile){$/;"	m	class:Man
Man	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^public class Man {$/;"	c
OffenceSnapData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private OffenceSnapData($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
OffenceSnapData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private OffenceSnapData(boolean noInit) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
OffenceSnapData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private OffenceSnapData(com.google.protobuf.GeneratedMessage.Builder<?> builder) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
OffenceSnapData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public static final class OffenceSnapData extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public interface OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder$/;"	i	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
OffenceSnapDataProtos	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    private OffenceSnapDataProtos() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
OffenceSnapDataProtos	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^public final class OffenceSnapDataProtos {$/;"	c
PARSER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static com.google.protobuf.Parser<OffenceSnapData> PARSER =$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
PARSER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static com.google.protobuf.Parser<PicInfoModel> PARSER =$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
PARSER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static com.google.protobuf.Parser<PlateInfoModel> PARSER =$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
PARSER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static com.google.protobuf.Parser<PlateRectModel> PARSER =$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
PARSER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static com.google.protobuf.Parser<VehicleInfoModel> PARSER =$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
PICINFO_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PICINFO_FIELD_NUMBER = 24;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
PICNUM_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PICNUM_FIELD_NUMBER = 23;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
PICRECOGMODE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PICRECOGMODE_FIELD_NUMBER = 2;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
PILOTCALL_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PILOTCALL_FIELD_NUMBER = 19;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
PILOTSAFEBELT_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PILOTSAFEBELT_FIELD_NUMBER = 15;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
PILOTSUBVISOR_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PILOTSUBVISOR_FIELD_NUMBER = 17;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
PLATEINFO_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PLATEINFO_FIELD_NUMBER = 10;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
PLATERECT_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PLATERECT_FIELD_NUMBER = 4;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
PLATETYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int PLATETYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
POSTPICNO_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int POSTPICNO_FIELD_NUMBER = 7;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
PRODUCER_TYPE_PROPERTY	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String PRODUCER_TYPE_PROPERTY = "producer.type";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
PicInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PicInfoModel($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
PicInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PicInfoModel(boolean noInit) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
PicInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PicInfoModel(com.google.protobuf.GeneratedMessage.Builder<?> builder) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
PicInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public static final class PicInfoModel extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
PicInfoModelOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public interface PicInfoModelOrBuilder$/;"	i	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
PlateInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PlateInfoModel($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
PlateInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PlateInfoModel(boolean noInit) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
PlateInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PlateInfoModel(com.google.protobuf.GeneratedMessage.Builder<?> builder) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
PlateInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public static final class PlateInfoModel extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
PlateInfoModelOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public interface PlateInfoModelOrBuilder$/;"	i	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
PlateRectModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PlateRectModel($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
PlateRectModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PlateRectModel(boolean noInit) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
PlateRectModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PlateRectModel(com.google.protobuf.GeneratedMessage.Builder<?> builder) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
PlateRectModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public static final class PlateRectModel extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
PlateRectModelOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public interface PlateRectModelOrBuilder$/;"	i	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
PoolBase	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public PoolBase() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
PoolBase	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public PoolBase(final GenericObjectPoolConfig poolConfig,$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
PoolBase	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^public abstract class PoolBase<T> implements Closeable, Serializable {$/;"	c
PoolConfig	./src/main/java/common/PoolConfig.java	/^    public PoolConfig() {$/;"	m	class:PoolConfig
PoolConfig	./src/main/java/common/PoolConfig.java	/^public class PoolConfig extends GenericObjectPoolConfig implements Serializable {$/;"	c
Port	./src/main/java/service/BootStrap.java	/^    public  final  static  int Port = 8000;$/;"	f	class:BootStrap
REDLIGHTTIME_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int REDLIGHTTIME_FIELD_NUMBER = 3;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
REQUEST_ACKS_PROPERTY	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String REQUEST_ACKS_PROPERTY = "request.required.acks";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
SPEEDLIMIT_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int SPEEDLIMIT_FIELD_NUMBER = 9;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
SPEED_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int SPEED_FIELD_NUMBER = 5;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
TYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int TYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
TrafficApplication	./src/main/java/service/TrafficApplication.java	/^public class TrafficApplication extends Application {$/;"	c
TrafficResource	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    public TrafficResource(){$/;"	m	class:TrafficResource
TrafficResource	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^public class TrafficResource {$/;"	c
URL	./src/main/java/common/es/ESConfig.java	/^    public static final String URL = "elasticsearch:\/\/localhost:9300";$/;"	f	interface:ESConfig
VALIDITY_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int VALIDITY_FIELD_NUMBER = 25;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
VAL_SERIALIZER_PROPERTY	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^    public static final String VAL_SERIALIZER_PROPERTY = "value.serializer";$/;"	f	interface:KafkaConfig
VEHICLEATTRIBUTE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int VEHICLEATTRIBUTE_FIELD_NUMBER = 4;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
VEHICLEINFO_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int VEHICLEINFO_FIELD_NUMBER = 11;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
VEHICLELOGORECOG_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int VEHICLELOGORECOG_FIELD_NUMBER = 8;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
VEHICLEMODEL_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int VEHICLEMODEL_FIELD_NUMBER = 10;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
VEHICLESUBLOGORECOG_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int VEHICLESUBLOGORECOG_FIELD_NUMBER = 9;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
VEHICLETYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int VEHICLETYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 2;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
VEHICLETYPE_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int VEHICLETYPE_FIELD_NUMBER = 3;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
VehicleInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private VehicleInfoModel($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
VehicleInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private VehicleInfoModel(boolean noInit) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
VehicleInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private VehicleInfoModel(com.google.protobuf.GeneratedMessage.Builder<?> builder) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
VehicleInfoModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public static final class VehicleInfoModel extends$/;"	c	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public interface VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder$/;"	i	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
WAITEDLENGTH_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int WAITEDLENGTH_FIELD_NUMBER = 26;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
WIDTH_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int WIDTH_FIELD_NUMBER = 3;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
X_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int X_FIELD_NUMBER = 1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
Y_FIELD_NUMBER	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static final int Y_FIELD_NUMBER = 2;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
activateObject	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public void activateObject(PooledObject<ElasticClient> p) throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
activateObject	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    public void activateObject(PooledObject<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> p)$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionFactory
addAllPicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder addAllPicInfo($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
addObjects	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    protected void addObjects(final int count) {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
addPicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder addPicInfo($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
addPicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder addPicInfo(PicInfoModel value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
addPicInfoBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PicInfoModel.Builder addPicInfoBuilder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
addPicInfoBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PicInfoModel.Builder addPicInfoBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
alarmDataType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int alarmDataType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
alarmDataType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int alarmDataType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
believe_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object believe_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
believe_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object believe_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
bitField0_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int bitField0_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
bright_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int bright_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
bright_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int bright_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
bud	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public  int bud = 0;$/;"	f	class:Man
build	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public OffenceSnapData build() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
build	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PicInfoModel build() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
build	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateInfoModel build() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
build	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateRectModel build() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
build	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public VehicleInfoModel build() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
buildPartial	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public OffenceSnapData buildPartial() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
buildPartial	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PicInfoModel buildPartial() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
buildPartial	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateInfoModel buildPartial() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
buildPartial	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateRectModel buildPartial() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
buildPartial	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public VehicleInfoModel buildPartial() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
c	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private static  AtomicLong c = new AtomicLong();$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
chanIndex_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int chanIndex_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
chanIndex_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int chanIndex_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
city	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public   static String[] city = {"A", "B", "C", "D", "E"};$/;"	f	class:Man
citys	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private static String[] citys = {"四川省","贵州省","云南省","重庆市","河北省","山西省","江苏省","浙江省","安徽省","江西省","山东省","河南省","湖北省","湖南省","陕西省","甘肃省","北京市","天津市","上海市","广东省","海南省","福建省","青海省","辽宁省","吉林省","黑龙江省"};$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
clear	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public void clear() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
clear	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clear() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clear	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clear() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
clear	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clear() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clear	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clear() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
clear	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clear() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearAlarmDataType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearAlarmDataType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearBelieve	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearBelieve() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clearBright	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearBright() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clearChanIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearChanIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clearColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearColorDepth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearColorDepth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearCopilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearCopilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearCopilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearCopilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearCountry	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearCountry() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clearData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearData() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
clearDetectType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearDetectType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearDir	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearDir() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearDriveChan	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearDriveChan() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearHeight	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearHeight() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
clearId	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearId() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearIllegalSubType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearIllegalSubType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearIllegalTimer	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearIllegalTimer() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearLicense	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearLicense() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clearLicenseLen	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearLicenseLen() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clearLlegalTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearLlegalTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearMonitoringSiteID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearMonitoringSiteID() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearPicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPicInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearPicNum	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPicNum() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearPicRecogMode	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPicRecogMode() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
clearPilotCall	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPilotCall() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearPilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearPilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPlateInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPlateRect() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
clearPlateType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPlateType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clearPostPicNo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearPostPicNo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearRedLightTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearRedLightTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
clearSpeed	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearSpeed() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearSpeedLimit	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearSpeedLimit() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
clearValidity	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearValidity() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearVehicleAttribute	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearVehicleAttribute() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearVehicleInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearVehicleLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearVehicleLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearVehicleModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearVehicleModel() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearVehicleSubLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearVehicleSubLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
clearWaitedLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearWaitedLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clearWidth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearWidth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
clearX	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearX() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
clearY	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clearY() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
client	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^    private final ElasticClient client;$/;"	f	class:EsSharedConnPool	file:
clone	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clone() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
clone	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clone() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
clone	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clone() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
clone	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clone() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
clone	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder clone() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
close	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public void close() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
close	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    public void close() {$/;"	m	class:KafkaSharedConnPool
colorDepth_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int colorDepth_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
colorDepth_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int colorDepth_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
color_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object color_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
color_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object color_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
color_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object color_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
color_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object color_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
common	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionException.java	/^package common;$/;"	p
common	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionFactory.java	/^package common;$/;"	p
common	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionPool.java	/^package common;$/;"	p
common	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^package common;$/;"	p
common	./src/main/java/common/PoolConfig.java	/^package common;$/;"	p
common.es	./src/main/java/common/es/ESConfig.java	/^package common.es;$/;"	p
common.es	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^package common.es;$/;"	p
common.es	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^package common.es;$/;"	p
common.es	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^package common.es;$/;"	p
common.kafka	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConfig.java	/^package common.kafka;$/;"	p
common.kafka	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^package common.kafka;$/;"	p
common.kafka	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^package common.kafka;$/;"	p
common.kafka	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^package common.kafka;$/;"	p
config	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    private final Properties config;$/;"	f	class:KafkaConnectionFactory	file:
copilotSafebelt_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int copilotSafebelt_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
copilotSafebelt_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int copilotSafebelt_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
copilotSubVisor_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int copilotSubVisor_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
copilotSubVisor_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int copilotSubVisor_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
cos	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private  static String[] cos = {"成都","眉山","德阳","资阳","绵阳","雅安","乐山","自贡","泸州","广安","巴中","广元","遂宁","内江","宜宾","南充","达州","攀枝花",$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
count	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public  static AtomicLong count = new AtomicLong();$/;"	f	class:Man
country_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int country_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
country_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int country_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
create	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private static Builder create() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
create	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private static Builder create() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
create	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private static Builder create() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
create	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private static Builder create() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
create	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private static Builder create() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
createConnection	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionFactory.java	/^    public abstract T createConnection() throws Exception;$/;"	m	interface:ConnectionFactory
createConnection	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public ElasticClient createConnection() throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
createConnection	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    public Producer<byte[], byte[]> createConnection() throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionFactory
data_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object data_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
data_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object data_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
defaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final OffenceSnapData defaultInstance;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
defaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final PicInfoModel defaultInstance;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
defaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final PlateInfoModel defaultInstance;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
defaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final PlateRectModel defaultInstance;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
defaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final VehicleInfoModel defaultInstance;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
descriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            descriptor;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
destroy	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    protected void destroy() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
destroyObject	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public void destroyObject(PooledObject<ElasticClient> p) throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
destroyObject	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    public void destroyObject(PooledObject<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> p)$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionFactory
detectType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int detectType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
detectType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int detectType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
deviceNumber	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private  static  int deviceNumber = 300;$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
df	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private static DecimalFormat df = new DecimalFormat("#.###");$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
dir_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int dir_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
dir_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int dir_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
driveChan_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int driveChan_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
driveChan_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int driveChan_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
elasticsearchClientUri	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    private final ElasticsearchClientUri elasticsearchClientUri;$/;"	f	class:EsConnectionFactory	file:
ensurePicInfoIsMutable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private void ensurePicInfoIsMutable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
getAlarmDataType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getAlarmDataType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getAlarmDataType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getAlarmDataType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getAlarmDataType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getAlarmDataType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getBelieve	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getBelieve() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getBelieve	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getBelieve();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getBelieve	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getBelieve() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getBelieveBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getBelieveBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getBelieveBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getBelieveBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getBelieveBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getBelieveBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getBright	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getBright() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getBright	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getBright();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getBright	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getBright() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getChanIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getChanIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getChanIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getChanIndex();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getChanIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getChanIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getClasses	./src/main/java/service/TrafficApplication.java	/^    public Set<Class<?>> getClasses() {$/;"	m	class:TrafficApplication
getColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getColor();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getColor();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getColorBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getColorBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getColorBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getColorBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getColorBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getColorBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getColorBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getColorBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getColorBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getColorBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getColorBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getColorBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getColorDepth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getColorDepth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getColorDepth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getColorDepth();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getColorDepth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getColorDepth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getConnection	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionPool.java	/^    public abstract T getConnection();$/;"	m	interface:ConnectionPool
getConnection	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^    public ElasticClient getConnection() {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionPool
getConnection	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^    public ElasticClient getConnection() {$/;"	m	class:EsSharedConnPool
getConnection	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public Producer<byte[], byte[]> getConnection() {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
getConnection	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    public Producer<byte[], byte[]> getConnection() {$/;"	m	class:KafkaSharedConnPool
getCopilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getCopilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getCopilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getCopilotSafebelt();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getCopilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getCopilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getCopilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getCopilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getCopilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getCopilotSubVisor();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getCopilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getCopilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getCountry	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getCountry() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getCountry	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getCountry();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getCountry	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getCountry() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getData() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getData();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
getData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getData() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getDataBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDataBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getDataBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getDataBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getDataBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getDataBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
getDefaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static OffenceSnapData getDefaultInstance() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getDefaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PicInfoModel getDefaultInstance() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getDefaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateInfoModel getDefaultInstance() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getDefaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateRectModel getDefaultInstance() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getDefaultInstance	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static VehicleInfoModel getDefaultInstance() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public OffenceSnapData getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PicInfoModel getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateInfoModel getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateRectModel getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public VehicleInfoModel getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public OffenceSnapData getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PicInfoModel getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PlateInfoModel getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PlateRectModel getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getDefaultInstanceForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public VehicleInfoModel getDefaultInstanceForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getDescriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    getDescriptor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
getDescriptorForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptorForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getDescriptorForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptorForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getDescriptorForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptorForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getDescriptorForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptorForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
getDescriptorForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getDescriptorForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getDetectType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getDetectType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getDetectType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getDetectType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getDetectType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getDetectType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getDir	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getDir() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getDir	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getDir();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getDir	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getDir() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getDriveChan	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getDriveChan() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getDriveChan	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getDriveChan();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getDriveChan	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getDriveChan() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getHeight	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getHeight() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
getHeight	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getHeight();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModelOrBuilder
getHeight	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getHeight() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getId	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getId() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getId	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getId();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getId	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getId() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getIdBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getIdBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getIdBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getIdBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getIdBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getIdBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getIllegalSubType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getIllegalSubType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getIllegalSubType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getIllegalSubType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getIllegalSubType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getIllegalSubType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getIllegalSubTypeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getIllegalSubTypeBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getIllegalSubTypeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getIllegalSubTypeBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getIllegalSubTypeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getIllegalSubTypeBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getIllegalTimer	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getIllegalTimer() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getIllegalTimer	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getIllegalTimer();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getIllegalTimer	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getIllegalTimer() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getIllegalType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getIllegalType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getIndex();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getInstance	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^    public synchronized static EsSharedConnPool getInstance(ElasticsearchClientUri url, Settings settings) {$/;"	m	class:EsSharedConnPool
getInstance	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^    public synchronized static EsSharedConnPool getInstance(String url) {$/;"	m	class:EsSharedConnPool
getInstance	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    public synchronized static KafkaSharedConnPool getInstance(final Properties properties) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaSharedConnPool
getInstance	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    public synchronized static KafkaSharedConnPool getInstance(final String brokers, final String codec, final String keySer, final String valSer) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaSharedConnPool
getLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public float getLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        float getLength();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public float getLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getLicense	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getLicense() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getLicense	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getLicense();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getLicense	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getLicense() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getLicenseBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getLicenseBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getLicenseBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getLicenseBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getLicenseBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getLicenseBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getLicenseLen	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getLicenseLen() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getLicenseLen	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getLicenseLen();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getLicenseLen	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getLicenseLen() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getLlegalTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getLlegalTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getLlegalTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getLlegalTime();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getLlegalTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getLlegalTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getLlegalTimeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getLlegalTimeBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getLlegalTimeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getLlegalTimeBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getLlegalTimeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getLlegalTimeBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getMaxBorrowWaitTimeMillis	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public long getMaxBorrowWaitTimeMillis() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
getMeanBorrowWaitTimeMillis	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public long getMeanBorrowWaitTimeMillis() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
getMonitoringSiteID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getMonitoringSiteID() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getMonitoringSiteID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getMonitoringSiteID();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getMonitoringSiteID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getMonitoringSiteID() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getMonitoringSiteIDBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getMonitoringSiteIDBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getMonitoringSiteIDBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getMonitoringSiteIDBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getMonitoringSiteIDBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getMonitoringSiteIDBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getNumActive	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public int getNumActive() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
getNumIdle	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public int getNumIdle() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
getNumWaiters	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public int getNumWaiters() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
getParserForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public com.google.protobuf.Parser<OffenceSnapData> getParserForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getParserForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public com.google.protobuf.Parser<PicInfoModel> getParserForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getParserForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public com.google.protobuf.Parser<PlateInfoModel> getParserForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getParserForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public com.google.protobuf.Parser<PlateRectModel> getParserForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getParserForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public com.google.protobuf.Parser<VehicleInfoModel> getParserForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getPicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PicInfoModel getPicInfo(int index) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        PicInfoModel getPicInfo(int index);$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PicInfoModel getPicInfo(int index) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPicInfoBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PicInfoModel.Builder getPicInfoBuilder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPicInfoBuilderList	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getPicInfoBuilderList() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPicInfoCount	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getPicInfoCount() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPicInfoCount	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getPicInfoCount();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPicInfoCount	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getPicInfoCount() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPicInfoFieldBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getPicInfoFieldBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
getPicInfoList	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public java.util.List<PicInfoModel> getPicInfoList() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPicInfoList	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getPicInfoList();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPicInfoList	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public java.util.List<PicInfoModel> getPicInfoList() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPicInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PicInfoModelOrBuilder getPicInfoOrBuilder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPicInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        PicInfoModelOrBuilder getPicInfoOrBuilder($/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPicInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PicInfoModelOrBuilder getPicInfoOrBuilder($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPicInfoOrBuilderList	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getPicInfoOrBuilderList() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPicInfoOrBuilderList	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getPicInfoOrBuilderList() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPicInfoOrBuilderList	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getPicInfoOrBuilderList();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPicNum	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getPicNum() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPicNum	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getPicNum();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPicNum	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getPicNum() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPicRecogMode	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getPicRecogMode() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getPicRecogMode	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getPicRecogMode();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
getPicRecogMode	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getPicRecogMode() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getPilotCall	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getPilotCall() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPilotCall	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getPilotCall();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPilotCall	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getPilotCall() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getPilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getPilotSafebelt();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getPilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getPilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getPilotSubVisor();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getPilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateInfoModel getPlateInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        PlateInfoModel getPlateInfo();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PlateInfoModel getPlateInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPlateInfoBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateInfoModel.Builder getPlateInfoBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPlateInfoFieldBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getPlateInfoFieldBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
getPlateInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateInfoModelOrBuilder getPlateInfoOrBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPlateInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        PlateInfoModelOrBuilder getPlateInfoOrBuilder();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPlateInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PlateInfoModelOrBuilder getPlateInfoOrBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateRectModel getPlateRect() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        PlateRectModel getPlateRect();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
getPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PlateRectModel getPlateRect() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getPlateRectBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateRectModel.Builder getPlateRectBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getPlateRectFieldBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getPlateRectFieldBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
getPlateRectOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public PlateRectModelOrBuilder getPlateRectOrBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getPlateRectOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        PlateRectModelOrBuilder getPlateRectOrBuilder();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
getPlateRectOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public PlateRectModelOrBuilder getPlateRectOrBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getPlateType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getPlateType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getPlateType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getPlateType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getPlateType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getPlateType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getPlateTypeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getPlateTypeBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
getPlateTypeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getPlateTypeBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getPlateTypeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getPlateTypeBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
getPostPicNo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getPostPicNo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getPostPicNo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getPostPicNo();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getPostPicNo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getPostPicNo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getRedLightTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getRedLightTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getRedLightTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getRedLightTime();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
getRedLightTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getRedLightTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getResource	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    protected T getResource() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
getSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getSerializedSize() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getSerializedSize() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getSerializedSize() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getSerializedSize() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getSerializedSize() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getSpeed	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public float getSpeed() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getSpeed	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        float getSpeed();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getSpeed	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public float getSpeed() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getSpeedLimit	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getSpeedLimit() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getSpeedLimit	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getSpeedLimit();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getSpeedLimit	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getSpeedLimit() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
getType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
getType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getUnknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getUnknownFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getUnknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getUnknownFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
getUnknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getUnknownFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
getUnknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getUnknownFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getUnknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getUnknownFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getValidity	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getValidity() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getValidity	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getValidity();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getValidity	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getValidity() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getVehicleAttribute	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getVehicleAttribute() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getVehicleAttribute	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getVehicleAttribute();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getVehicleAttribute	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getVehicleAttribute() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public VehicleInfoModel getVehicleInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        VehicleInfoModel getVehicleInfo();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public VehicleInfoModel getVehicleInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getVehicleInfoBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public VehicleInfoModel.Builder getVehicleInfoBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getVehicleInfoFieldBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getVehicleInfoFieldBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
getVehicleInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder getVehicleInfoOrBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getVehicleInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder getVehicleInfoOrBuilder();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getVehicleInfoOrBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder getVehicleInfoOrBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getVehicleLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getVehicleLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getVehicleLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getVehicleLogoRecog();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getVehicleLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getVehicleLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getVehicleLogoRecogBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getVehicleLogoRecogBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getVehicleLogoRecogBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getVehicleLogoRecogBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getVehicleLogoRecogBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getVehicleLogoRecogBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getVehicleModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getVehicleModel() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getVehicleModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getVehicleModel();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getVehicleModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getVehicleModel() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getVehicleModelBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getVehicleModelBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getVehicleModelBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getVehicleModelBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getVehicleModelBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getVehicleModelBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getVehicleSubLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public String getVehicleSubLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getVehicleSubLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        String getVehicleSubLogoRecog();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getVehicleSubLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public String getVehicleSubLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getVehicleSubLogoRecogBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            getVehicleSubLogoRecogBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getVehicleSubLogoRecogBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getVehicleSubLogoRecogBytes() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getVehicleSubLogoRecogBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        getVehicleSubLogoRecogBytes();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
getVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getVehicleType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getVehicleType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
getVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
getWaitedLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getWaitedLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
getWaitedLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getWaitedLength();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
getWaitedLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getWaitedLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
getWidth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getWidth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
getWidth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getWidth();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModelOrBuilder
getWidth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getWidth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getX	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getX() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
getX	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getX();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModelOrBuilder
getX	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getX() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
getY	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public int getY() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
getY	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        int getY();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModelOrBuilder
getY	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public int getY() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
hasAlarmDataType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasAlarmDataType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasAlarmDataType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasAlarmDataType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasAlarmDataType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasAlarmDataType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasBelieve	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasBelieve() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
hasBelieve	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasBelieve();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
hasBelieve	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasBelieve() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
hasBright	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasBright() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
hasBright	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasBright();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
hasBright	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasBright() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
hasChanIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasChanIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasChanIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasChanIndex();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasChanIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasChanIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
hasColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasColor();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
hasColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasColor();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
hasColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasColor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasColorDepth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasColorDepth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasColorDepth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasColorDepth();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasColorDepth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasColorDepth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasCopilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasCopilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasCopilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasCopilotSafebelt();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasCopilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasCopilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasCopilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasCopilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasCopilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasCopilotSubVisor();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasCopilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasCopilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasCountry	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasCountry() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
hasCountry	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasCountry();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
hasCountry	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasCountry() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
hasData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasData() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
hasData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasData();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
hasData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasData() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
hasDetectType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasDetectType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasDetectType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasDetectType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasDetectType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasDetectType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasDir	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasDir() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasDir	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasDir();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasDir	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasDir() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasDriveChan	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasDriveChan() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasDriveChan	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasDriveChan();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasDriveChan	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasDriveChan() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasHeight	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasHeight() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
hasHeight	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasHeight();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModelOrBuilder
hasHeight	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasHeight() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
hasId	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasId() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasId	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasId();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasId	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasId() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasIllegalSubType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasIllegalSubType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasIllegalSubType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasIllegalSubType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasIllegalSubType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasIllegalSubType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasIllegalTimer	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasIllegalTimer() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasIllegalTimer	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasIllegalTimer();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasIllegalTimer	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasIllegalTimer() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasIllegalType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasIllegalType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasIllegalType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasIndex();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasIndex() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasLength();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasLicense	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasLicense() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
hasLicense	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasLicense();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
hasLicense	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasLicense() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
hasLicenseLen	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasLicenseLen() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
hasLicenseLen	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasLicenseLen();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
hasLicenseLen	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasLicenseLen() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
hasLlegalTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasLlegalTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasLlegalTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasLlegalTime();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasLlegalTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasLlegalTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasMonitoringSiteID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasMonitoringSiteID() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasMonitoringSiteID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasMonitoringSiteID();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasMonitoringSiteID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasMonitoringSiteID() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasPicNum	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPicNum() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasPicNum	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPicNum();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasPicNum	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPicNum() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasPicRecogMode	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPicRecogMode() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
hasPicRecogMode	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPicRecogMode();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
hasPicRecogMode	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPicRecogMode() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
hasPilotCall	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPilotCall() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasPilotCall	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPilotCall();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasPilotCall	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPilotCall() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasPilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasPilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPilotSafebelt();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasPilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPilotSafebelt() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasPilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasPilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPilotSubVisor();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasPilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPilotSubVisor() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPlateInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPlateInfo();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPlateInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPlateRect() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
hasPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPlateRect();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
hasPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPlateRect() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
hasPlateType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPlateType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
hasPlateType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPlateType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModelOrBuilder
hasPlateType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPlateType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
hasPostPicNo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasPostPicNo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasPostPicNo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasPostPicNo();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasPostPicNo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasPostPicNo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasRedLightTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasRedLightTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
hasRedLightTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasRedLightTime();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
hasRedLightTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasRedLightTime() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
hasSpeed	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasSpeed() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasSpeed	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasSpeed();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasSpeed	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasSpeed() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasSpeedLimit	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasSpeedLimit() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasSpeedLimit	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasSpeedLimit();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasSpeedLimit	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasSpeedLimit() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
hasType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModelOrBuilder
hasType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
hasValidity	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasValidity() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasValidity	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasValidity();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasValidity	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasValidity() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasVehicleAttribute	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasVehicleAttribute() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasVehicleAttribute	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasVehicleAttribute();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasVehicleAttribute	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasVehicleAttribute() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasVehicleInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasVehicleInfo();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasVehicleInfo() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasVehicleLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasVehicleLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasVehicleLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasVehicleLogoRecog();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasVehicleLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasVehicleLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasVehicleModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasVehicleModel() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasVehicleModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasVehicleModel();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasVehicleModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasVehicleModel() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasVehicleSubLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasVehicleSubLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasVehicleSubLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasVehicleSubLogoRecog();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasVehicleSubLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasVehicleSubLogoRecog() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
hasVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasVehicleType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasVehicleType();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder
hasVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasVehicleType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
hasWaitedLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasWaitedLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
hasWaitedLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasWaitedLength();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapDataOrBuilder
hasWaitedLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasWaitedLength() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
hasWidth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasWidth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
hasWidth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasWidth();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModelOrBuilder
hasWidth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasWidth() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
hasX	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasX() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
hasX	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasX();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModelOrBuilder
hasX	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasX() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
hasY	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public boolean hasY() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
hasY	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        boolean hasY();$/;"	m	interface:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModelOrBuilder
hasY	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public boolean hasY() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
height_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int height_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
height_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int height_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
id_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object id_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
id_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object id_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
illegalSubType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object illegalSubType_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
illegalSubType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object illegalSubType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
illegalTimer_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int illegalTimer_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
illegalTimer_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int illegalTimer_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
illegalType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int illegalType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
illegalType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int illegalType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
illegalType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int illegalType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
illegalType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int illegalType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
imageFile	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public  String imageFile;$/;"	f	class:Man
index_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int index_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
index_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int index_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
initFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private void initFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
initFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private void initFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
initFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private void initFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
initFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private void initFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
initFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private void initFields() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
initPool	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    protected void initPool(final GenericObjectPoolConfig poolConfig,$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
internalGetFieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        internalGetFieldAccessorTable() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
internalPool	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    protected GenericObjectPool<T> internalPool;$/;"	f	class:PoolBase
internal_static_OffenceSnapData_descriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_OffenceSnapData_descriptor;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_OffenceSnapData_fieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_OffenceSnapData_fieldAccessorTable;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_PicInfoModel_descriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_PicInfoModel_descriptor;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_PicInfoModel_fieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_PicInfoModel_fieldAccessorTable;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_PlateInfoModel_descriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_PlateInfoModel_descriptor;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_PlateInfoModel_fieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_PlateInfoModel_fieldAccessorTable;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_PlateRectModel_descriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_PlateRectModel_descriptor;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_PlateRectModel_fieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_PlateRectModel_fieldAccessorTable;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_VehicleInfoModel_descriptor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_VehicleInfoModel_descriptor;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
internal_static_VehicleInfoModel_fieldAccessorTable	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            internal_static_VehicleInfoModel_fieldAccessorTable;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos	file:
invalidateConnection	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionPool.java	/^    public void invalidateConnection(T conn);$/;"	m	interface:ConnectionPool
invalidateConnection	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^    public void invalidateConnection(ElasticClient client) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionPool
invalidateConnection	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^    public void invalidateConnection(ElasticClient client) {$/;"	m	class:EsSharedConnPool
invalidateConnection	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public void invalidateConnection(Producer<byte[], byte[]> conn) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
invalidateConnection	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    public void invalidateConnection(Producer<byte[], byte[]> conn) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaSharedConnPool
invalidateResource	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    protected void invalidateResource(final T resource) {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
isClosed	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    public boolean isClosed() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
isInactived	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    private boolean isInactived() {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase	file:
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
isInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public final boolean isInitialized() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
len	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private  int len ;$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
len2	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private  int len2 ;$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
length_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private float length_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
length_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private float length_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
licenseLen_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int licenseLen_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
licenseLen_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int licenseLen_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
license_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object license_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
license_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object license_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
llegalTime_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object llegalTime_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
llegalTime_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object llegalTime_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
localtios	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private static Vector<String>  localtios = null;$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
logisticRegression	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    public static double logisticRegression($/;"	m	class:TrafficResource
lontiFile	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public  String lontiFile;$/;"	f	class:Man
main	./src/main/java/service/BootStrap.java	/^    public static void main(String[] args){$/;"	m	class:BootStrap
main	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public static void main(String[] args) throws ConfigurationException {$/;"	m	class:Man
makeObject	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public PooledObject<ElasticClient> makeObject() throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
makeObject	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    public PooledObject<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> makeObject() throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionFactory
maybeForceBuilderInitialization	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private void maybeForceBuilderInitialization() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
maybeForceBuilderInitialization	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private void maybeForceBuilderInitialization() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
maybeForceBuilderInitialization	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private void maybeForceBuilderInitialization() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
maybeForceBuilderInitialization	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private void maybeForceBuilderInitialization() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
maybeForceBuilderInitialization	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private void maybeForceBuilderInitialization() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
memoizedIsInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private byte memoizedIsInitialized = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
memoizedIsInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private byte memoizedIsInitialized = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
memoizedIsInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private byte memoizedIsInitialized = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
memoizedIsInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private byte memoizedIsInitialized = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
memoizedIsInitialized	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private byte memoizedIsInitialized = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
memoizedSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int memoizedSerializedSize = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
memoizedSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int memoizedSerializedSize = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
memoizedSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int memoizedSerializedSize = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
memoizedSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int memoizedSerializedSize = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
memoizedSerializedSize	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int memoizedSerializedSize = -1;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(OffenceSnapData other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(PicInfoModel other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(PlateInfoModel other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(PlateRectModel other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(VehicleInfoModel other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.Message other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.Message other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.Message other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.Message other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
mergeFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeFrom(com.google.protobuf.Message other) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
mergePlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergePlateInfo(PlateInfoModel value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
mergePlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergePlateRect(PlateRectModel value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
mergeVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder mergeVehicleInfo(VehicleInfoModel value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
monitoringSiteID_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object monitoringSiteID_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
monitoringSiteID_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object monitoringSiteID_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder(OffenceSnapData prototype) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder(PicInfoModel prototype) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder(PlateInfoModel prototype) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder(PlateRectModel prototype) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
newBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static Builder newBuilder(VehicleInfoModel prototype) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Builder newBuilderForType($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Builder newBuilderForType($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Builder newBuilderForType($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Builder newBuilderForType($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Builder newBuilderForType($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder newBuilderForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder newBuilderForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder newBuilderForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder newBuilderForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
newBuilderForType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder newBuilderForType() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
objectMapper	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private static ObjectMapper objectMapper = new ObjectMapper();$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static OffenceSnapData parseDelimitedFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static OffenceSnapData parseDelimitedFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PicInfoModel parseDelimitedFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PicInfoModel parseDelimitedFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateInfoModel parseDelimitedFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateInfoModel parseDelimitedFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateRectModel parseDelimitedFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateRectModel parseDelimitedFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static VehicleInfoModel parseDelimitedFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
parseDelimitedFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static VehicleInfoModel parseDelimitedFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static OffenceSnapData parseFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static OffenceSnapData parseFrom(byte[] data)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static OffenceSnapData parseFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PicInfoModel parseFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PicInfoModel parseFrom(byte[] data)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PicInfoModel parseFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateInfoModel parseFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateInfoModel parseFrom(byte[] data)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateInfoModel parseFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateRectModel parseFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateRectModel parseFrom(byte[] data)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static PlateRectModel parseFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static VehicleInfoModel parseFrom($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static VehicleInfoModel parseFrom(byte[] data)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
parseFrom	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public static VehicleInfoModel parseFrom(java.io.InputStream input)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
passivateObject	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public void passivateObject(PooledObject<ElasticClient> p) throws Exception {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
passivateObject	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    public void passivateObject(PooledObject<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> p)$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionFactory
picInfoBuilder_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^                    PicInfoModel, PicInfoModel.Builder, PicInfoModelOrBuilder> picInfoBuilder_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
picInfo_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private java.util.List<PicInfoModel> picInfo_ =$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
picInfo_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private java.util.List<PicInfoModel> picInfo_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
picNum_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int picNum_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
picNum_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int picNum_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
picRecogMode_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int picRecogMode_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
picRecogMode_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int picRecogMode_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
pilotCall_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int pilotCall_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
pilotCall_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int pilotCall_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
pilotSafebelt_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int pilotSafebelt_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
pilotSafebelt_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int pilotSafebelt_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
pilotSubVisor_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int pilotSubVisor_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
pilotSubVisor_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int pilotSubVisor_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
plateInfoBuilder_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^                    PlateInfoModel, PlateInfoModel.Builder, PlateInfoModelOrBuilder> plateInfoBuilder_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
plateInfo_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private PlateInfoModel plateInfo_ = PlateInfoModel.getDefaultInstance();$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
plateInfo_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PlateInfoModel plateInfo_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
plateRectBuilder_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^                    PlateRectModel, PlateRectModel.Builder, PlateRectModelOrBuilder> plateRectBuilder_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
plateRect_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private PlateRectModel plateRect_ = PlateRectModel.getDefaultInstance();$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
plateRect_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private PlateRectModel plateRect_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
plateType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object plateType_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder	file:
plateType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object plateType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
pool	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^    private static final AtomicReference<EsSharedConnPool> pool = new AtomicReference<EsSharedConnPool>();$/;"	f	class:EsSharedConnPool	file:
pool	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    private static final AtomicReference<KafkaSharedConnPool> pool = new AtomicReference<KafkaSharedConnPool>();$/;"	f	class:KafkaSharedConnPool	file:
pool	./src/main/java/service/BootStrap.java	/^    private static JedisPool pool = new JedisPool("0.0.0.0",6379);$/;"	f	class:BootStrap	file:
postPicNo_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int postPicNo_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
postPicNo_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int postPicNo_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
producer	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    private final Producer<byte[], byte[]> producer;$/;"	f	class:KafkaSharedConnPool	file:
protobuf	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^package protobuf;$/;"	p
province	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public  static String[] province = {"川", "云", "贵", " 京", "津", "渝"};$/;"	f	class:Man
random	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private static ThreadLocalRandom random = ThreadLocalRandom.current();$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
readLonAndLat	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public  Vector<String> readLonAndLat() throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:Man
redLightTime_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int redLightTime_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
redLightTime_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int redLightTime_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
registerAllExtensions	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^    public static void registerAllExtensions($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos
removePicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder removePicInfo(int index) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
returnConnection	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionPool.java	/^    public void returnConnection(T conn);$/;"	m	interface:ConnectionPool
returnConnection	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^    public void returnConnection(ElasticClient client) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionPool
returnConnection	./src/main/java/common/es/EsSharedConnPool.java	/^    public void returnConnection(ElasticClient client) {$/;"	m	class:EsSharedConnPool
returnConnection	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    public void returnConnection(Producer<byte[], byte[]> conn) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionPool
returnConnection	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaSharedConnPool.java	/^    public void returnConnection(Producer<byte[], byte[]> conn) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaSharedConnPool
returnResource	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    protected void returnResource(final T resource) {$/;"	m	class:PoolBase
send	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public  void send(Producer<byte[], byte[]> producer) throws IOException {$/;"	m	class:Man
sendToKafka	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    private void sendToKafka(Producer<byte[], byte[]> producer,ProducerRecord<byte[], byte[]> message){$/;"	m	class:Man	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/common/ConnectionException.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = -6503525110247209484L;$/;"	f	class:ConnectionException	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/common/PoolBase.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = 536428799879058482L;$/;"	f	class:PoolBase	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/common/PoolConfig.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = -2414567557372345057L;$/;"	f	class:PoolConfig	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = 4024923894283696465L;$/;"	f	class:EsConnectionFactory	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionPool.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = -9126420905798370263L;$/;"	f	class:EsConnectionPool	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = 8271607366818512399L;$/;"	f	class:KafkaConnectionFactory	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionPool.java	/^    private static final long serialVersionUID = -1506435964498488591L;$/;"	f	class:KafkaConnectionPool	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final long serialVersionUID = 0L;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final long serialVersionUID = 0L;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final long serialVersionUID = 0L;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final long serialVersionUID = 0L;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
serialVersionUID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private static final long serialVersionUID = 0L;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
service	./src/main/java/service/BootStrap.java	/^package service;$/;"	p
service	./src/main/java/service/TrafficApplication.java	/^package service;$/;"	p
setAlarmDataType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setAlarmDataType(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setBelieve	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setBelieve($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setBelieveBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setBelieveBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setBright	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setBright(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setChanIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setChanIndex(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setColor($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setColor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setColor($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setColorBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setColorBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setColorBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setColorBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setColorDepth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setColorDepth(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setCopilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setCopilotSafebelt(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setCopilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setCopilotSubVisor(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setCountry	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setCountry(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setData	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setData($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
setDataBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setDataBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
setDetectType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setDetectType(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setDir	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setDir(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setDriveChan	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setDriveChan(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setHeight	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setHeight(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
setId	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setId($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setIdBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setIdBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setIllegalSubType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setIllegalSubType($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setIllegalSubTypeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setIllegalSubTypeBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setIllegalTimer	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setIllegalTimer(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setIllegalType(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setIllegalType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setIllegalType(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setIndex	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setIndex(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setLength(float value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setLicense	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setLicense($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setLicenseBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setLicenseBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setLicenseLen	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setLicenseLen(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setLlegalTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setLlegalTime($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setLlegalTimeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setLlegalTimeBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setMonitoringSiteID	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setMonitoringSiteID($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setMonitoringSiteIDBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setMonitoringSiteIDBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setPicInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPicInfo($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setPicNum	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPicNum(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setPicRecogMode	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPicRecogMode(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
setPilotCall	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPilotCall(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setPilotSafebelt	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPilotSafebelt(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setPilotSubVisor	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPilotSubVisor(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPlateInfo($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setPlateInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPlateInfo(PlateInfoModel value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPlateRect($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
setPlateRect	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPlateRect(PlateRectModel value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
setPlateType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPlateType($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setPlateTypeBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPlateTypeBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel.Builder
setPostPicNo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setPostPicNo(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setRedLightTime	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setRedLightTime(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
setSpeed	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setSpeed(float value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setSpeedLimit	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setSpeedLimit(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setType(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder
setValidity	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setValidity(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setVehicleAttribute	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleAttribute(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleInfo($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setVehicleInfo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleInfo(VehicleInfoModel value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setVehicleLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleLogoRecog($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setVehicleLogoRecogBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleLogoRecogBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setVehicleModel	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleModel($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setVehicleModelBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleModelBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setVehicleSubLogoRecog	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleSubLogoRecog($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setVehicleSubLogoRecogBytes	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleSubLogoRecogBytes($/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleType(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setVehicleType	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setVehicleType(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder
setWaitedLength	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setWaitedLength(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder
setWidth	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setWidth(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
setX	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setX(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
setY	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            public Builder setY(int value) {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder
settings	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    private final Settings settings;$/;"	f	class:EsConnectionFactory	file:
speedLimit_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int speedLimit_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
speedLimit_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int speedLimit_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
speed_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private float speed_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
speed_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private float speed_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
statistics	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private static  String statistics = "statistics";$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
toBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder toBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
toBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder toBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
toBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder toBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
toBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder toBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
toBuilder	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public Builder toBuilder() {$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
topics	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public  static String[] topics = {"test1", "test2", "test3", "test4", "test5", "test6", "test7", "test8", "test9", "test10"};$/;"	f	class:Man
traffic	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^package traffic;$/;"	p
traffic	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^package traffic;$/;"	p
type_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int type_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel.Builder	file:
type_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int type_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
unknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private final com.google.protobuf.UnknownFieldSet unknownFields;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
unknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private final com.google.protobuf.UnknownFieldSet unknownFields;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel	file:
unknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private final com.google.protobuf.UnknownFieldSet unknownFields;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel	file:
unknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private final com.google.protobuf.UnknownFieldSet unknownFields;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
unknownFields	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private final com.google.protobuf.UnknownFieldSet unknownFields;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
validateObject	./src/main/java/common/es/EsConnectionFactory.java	/^    public boolean validateObject(PooledObject<ElasticClient> p) {$/;"	m	class:EsConnectionFactory
validateObject	./src/main/java/common/kafka/KafkaConnectionFactory.java	/^    public boolean validateObject(PooledObject<Producer<byte[], byte[]>> p) {$/;"	m	class:KafkaConnectionFactory
validity_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int validity_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
validity_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int validity_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
vehicle	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    public Response vehicle() {$/;"	m	class:TrafficResource
vehicleAttribute_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int vehicleAttribute_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
vehicleAttribute_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int vehicleAttribute_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
vehicleChengDuCount	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private HashMap<String,Integer> vehicleChengDuCount = new HashMap<String,Integer>();$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
vehicleCount	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    private static HashMap<String,Integer> vehicleCount = new HashMap<String,Integer>();$/;"	f	class:TrafficResource	file:
vehicleCount	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    public Response vehicleCount() {$/;"	m	class:TrafficResource
vehicleInfoBuilder_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^                    VehicleInfoModel, VehicleInfoModel.Builder, VehicleInfoModelOrBuilder> vehicleInfoBuilder_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
vehicleInfo_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private VehicleInfoModel vehicleInfo_ = VehicleInfoModel.getDefaultInstance();$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
vehicleInfo_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private VehicleInfoModel vehicleInfo_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
vehicleLogoRecog_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object vehicleLogoRecog_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
vehicleLogoRecog_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object vehicleLogoRecog_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
vehicleMap	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    public Response vehicleMap() {$/;"	m	class:TrafficResource
vehicleMining	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    public Response vehicleMining(){$/;"	m	class:TrafficResource
vehicleModel_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object vehicleModel_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
vehicleModel_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object vehicleModel_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
vehicleSiChuanCount	./src/main/java/traffic/TrafficResource.java	/^    public Response vehicleSiChuanCount() {$/;"	m	class:TrafficResource
vehicleSubLogoRecog_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private Object vehicleSubLogoRecog_ = "";$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
vehicleSubLogoRecog_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private Object vehicleSubLogoRecog_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
vehicleType	./src/main/java/traffic/Man.java	/^    public static int[] vehicleType = {1,2,3,4};$/;"	f	class:Man
vehicleType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int vehicleType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
vehicleType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int vehicleType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel.Builder	file:
vehicleType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int vehicleType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
vehicleType_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int vehicleType_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel	file:
waitedLength_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int waitedLength_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData.Builder	file:
waitedLength_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int waitedLength_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData	file:
width_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int width_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
width_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int width_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
writeReplace	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Object writeReplace()$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
writeReplace	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Object writeReplace()$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
writeReplace	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Object writeReplace()$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
writeReplace	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Object writeReplace()$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
writeReplace	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        protected Object writeReplace()$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
writeTo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.CodedOutputStream output)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.OffenceSnapData
writeTo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.CodedOutputStream output)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PicInfoModel
writeTo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.CodedOutputStream output)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateInfoModel
writeTo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.CodedOutputStream output)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel
writeTo	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        public void writeTo(com.google.protobuf.CodedOutputStream output)$/;"	m	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.VehicleInfoModel
x_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int x_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
x_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int x_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
y_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^            private int y_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel.Builder	file:
y_	./src/main/java/protobuf/OffenceSnapDataProtos.java	/^        private int y_;$/;"	f	class:OffenceSnapDataProtos.PlateRectModel	file:
